hybrid athletes mental training and
visualization are the keys to PRS guys I
was stuck at a PR for a little over a
year and I started employing these
techniques of visualization and
magically my numbers started to increase
again so mental training is very
important guys you'll hear guys say I
hit that number and training or I do
that set amount of weight for reps but
in a meet you know with strict
guidelines and judging they missed the
attempt or possibly they they miss their
opening attempt with a light weight and
then they lose it mentally and can't get
back in the meat and miss the other two
attempts this all stems from lack of
mental training so avoid this guy's each
day I want you to set aside ten minutes
for mental visualization training find a
comfortable place where you can lay down
and relax your muscles and you're going
to start to develop a movie in your head
where you're basically the star
visualize yourself lifting the weights
you're going to be lifting in training
you'll do this for your whole training
cycle visualize yourself arriving at the
gym warming up psyching up and lifting
the weights with ease on that day you
utilize the same techniques for your
meat you visualize warming up time
between attempts approaching the
platform you're judging and making your
lips 949 I hope this helps guys it
definitely helped me and I know it will
help you as well remember it's hybrid
athletes we do what we want to do it
just said own it